DOC-959 sql_raw updates for executing multiple queries (#153)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/pages/inputs/sql_raw.adoc

--
======

> When the rows from the query are exhausted this input shuts down, allowing the pipeline to gracefully terminate (or the next input in a xref:components:inputs/sequence.adoc[sequence] to execute).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the rows from the query are exhausted, this input shuts down, allowing the pipeline to gracefully terminate or for the next input in a xref:components:inputs/sequence.adoc[sequence] to execute.
```

Author: Updated.

--

> Perform an aggregate over a list of names in a table that are less than 3600 seconds old.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform an aggregate over names in a table that are less than one hour (3600 seconds) old.
```

Author: Updated

=== `args_mapping`

> An optional xref:guides:bloblang/about.adoc[Bloblang mapping] that includes the same number of values in an array as the placeholder arguments in the <<query, `query`>> field.

Author: Is this rewording accurate?

Reviewer 2: yes

> *Type*: `string`

Reviewer 2: Can type here be `bloblang`?

Author: Updated.
